This Watchy "face" contains the following heiarchy of options and settings:

Steps -> Reset Time -> Reset Steps
Alarms -> (Alarms 1 to 4) -> HH:MM -> Days + Repeat + Active settings
Timers -> Countdown Timer & Elapsed Time\n
Options ->
            Display Style  --- Lite or Dark mode.
            Border Mode    --- Show (white) or Hide (black) the border on the display.
            Dexterity      --- Swap the Back/Menu with UP/DOWN for left-handed users.
            Menu & Back    --- Normal or Swap the Menu & Back button positions.
            Orientation    --- [NEW] Turn on button ignoring on orientation (Watchy UP) or Ignore the orientation of the Watchy.
            Time Mode      --- AM/PM or 24 Hour mode of time display.
            Feedback       --- Causes a hapatic feedback using the vibration motor.
            Turbo Time     --- How many seconds Watchy stays active after your last button press before sleeping.
            Reset Screen   --- Reset screen if artifacting or ghosting is happening.
            Sync Watchy    --- Sync Watchy RTC by Time, TimeZone, TimeZone & Time
            Watchy Connect --- Used to give the base WiFi credentials to Watchy.  (More will come later.)
            OTA Update     --- Used with Arduino (and platformio) to upload a compile to Watchy via WiFi.  (ESCAPE by holding "BACK" for 10 seconds.)
            OTA Website    --- Website offers Backup & Restore of settings and WiFi upload of OTA bin file.  (ESCAPE by holding "BACK" for 10 seconds.)
            Watchy Reboot  --- Reboot the Watchy in the event something stops working.
            
Button usage:

"Menu" (SW1):  Activates/Toggles items, for Alarms, Timers and Step, advances forward where HH:MM is shown.  In Turbo Time increases seconds.
"Back" (SW2):  Backs out of an item or backs up to previous section when in HH:MM areas.
 "UP"  (SW3):  Moves menu selection up.  When inside HH:MM it increases selected value (these cycle if above max value).
"DOWN" (SW4):  Moves menu selection down.  When inside HH:MM it decrease selected value (these also cycle if below 0).

STEPS:

       Steps holds the current steps and (Yesterday's steps if any).
       Reset Time (HH:MM) represents the time of day where the Step counter is automatically reset and placed in the "Yesterday"'s list.
       Reset Steps will reset the current steps but will *NOT* move them to "Yesterday".

ALARMS:  (WHITE settings means "ON", black is "OFF")

        Offer 7 days of choices.
        Repeat offers to repeat the choices.  If Repeat is off, day will go black.  White days are the only active days.
        Active sets the alarm as operational or not.

TIMERS:

        Countdown Timer will count down from the HH:MM you set.  Start/Stop will reset the HH:MM when pressed.
        Elapsed Timer will count up when started and will stop when stopped.  Starting again resets to 00:00.

ALARMS & COUNTDOWN TIMER PULSES:

ALARM 1:  Large solid pulse.  (LOUD)
ALARM 2:  2 smaller pulses.   (NOISY)
ALARM 3:  1 tiny pulse, one small pulse, 1 tiny pulse.  (QUIET)
ALARM 4:  4 tiny pulses.  (VERY QUIET, useful in meetings)

COUNTDOWN:  6 very tiny pulses.

These will cycle in a loop from ALARM 1 to COUNTDOWN playing their tones until they run out.  All 5 will not last longer than 50 seconds.  To stop them from playing, edit their time.

FIRST TIME USAGE:

Users will want to go into Options -> Watchy Connect -> MENU to Connect.  Connect to the Watchy Connect WiFi access point with your phone, laptop, computer, etc.  From there, scan for your home network (or whichever one you want to use it with) and setup the WiFi connectivity there, once it works, the Access Point will close.  This will ALWAYS ask for a new WiFi setting, unlike previous versions, you can change your default WiFi as it will not try to connect to your current default one (if any).  Once you've done that, the other WiFi enabled functions will connect to that WiFi and will state it's IP address for web browsing to.

NOTE:  Buttons do not work unless you're looking at the watch face, as it detects the orientation of the watch before accepting any button presses.
